3730 - Add support to toggle by clicked on icon only with tree (#4022)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Datagrid]` Added a setting disableRowDeselection that if enabled does not allow selected rows to be toggled to deselected. ([#3791](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3791))
- `[Demoapp]` Added the ability to set runtime flags for persisting settings that were previously only possible to set via URL query parameters. ([n/a])

> - `[Tree]` Added support to toggle by clicked on icon only. ([#3730](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3730))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Tree]` Added a setting to support to expanding/collapsing when clicking only the icon portion of the tree node. ([#3730](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3730))
```
